What is Smart Invoice? 
Does the Smart Invoice cater for the needs of all taxpayers?
Will Accounting packages and Enterprise Resource Planning Systems (ERPs) previously approved for invoicing be allowed for issuing Invoices after the rollout of Smart Invoice?
What are the security considerations for Smart Invoice? 
Will taxpayers be allowed to issue manual tax invoices to customers after the roll out of Smart Invoice? 
What is the Procedure for Clearance of imported Motor Vehicles? 
What import taxes are applicable on various good
Who is a New/Returning Resident?
Can one dispose of the goods cleared under the exemption?
Tax Incentives under Regulation 98A to 98D
Incentives for Multi Sector Industries listed in the 2nd Schedule of the ZDA Act 
Procedure for Unblocking TPIN on ASYCUDAWorld 
What is the prescribed fee for duplication of a bill of entry?
How do you amend names? 
How do you change Motor Vehicle ownership?
How do you register for rental Tax?
How do you file PAYE Return? 
How do you amend the Return once submitted? 
How does a PAYE Refund arise?
What documents are required for clearance of Motor Vehicles?
What import taxes are applicable on various goods? 
What exemptions does a Returning/New Resident qualify for?
What is the procedure for one to access the exemption? 
What are Incentives for Investors in Zambia under Customs 
Procedure for Cancellation of an assessment on ASYCUDAWorld
How to generate LPO after approval 
Are the due dates still the same?
Will I be able to reprint my TPIN certificate from the upgraded TaxOnline System?
What is the importance of the IBDF form?
What are the features of the IBDF form?
Who will be affected by Customs Self-Assessment?
What is Customs Self-Assessment?
I am unable to log in! What is the problem?
I need help?
ZRA Organisational Structure
Who is the CG
what is a return
Is there Property Transfer Tax on sale of shares?
How do I know the person working on my clearance documents?
Can one use a mobile electronic device like a cellphone to register a declaration on ASYCUDA World?
When was ASYCUDA World launched?
When will tax payers be able to access the statements online?
What tax obligations do tax payers have?
I have forgotten my password, how can I log in?
Are Ex-Gratia payments made to the spouse, child or dependants of the deceased employee taxable?
As an individual, what documents do I need to register for a TPIN online?
How do I get a passcode?
What is insurance premium levy
What about allocation of unallocated shares
What is the rate of withholding tax on dividends for companies carrying on mining operations?
Who qualifies for PAYE Refund?
What is the tax free amount for PAYE?
what are the penalties under Turnover Tax?
Can a person paying turnover tax migrate to the income tax during the course of the year?
TOT
Are limited companies whose turnover is below K800, 000.00 liable for Turnover tax?
What can you do
My Tax Clearance Certificate looks different from the ones that have been issued to me previously?
Do Taxpayers need to re-register for TPINs if it was not migrated?
Which banks are available for payment for the e payment facility?
What are Advance payments?
How do I view generated WHT certificates?
Are WHT certificates be sent automatically?
Advise centre contacts
cancel
Due dates for Income Tax Returns
Is leave pay taxable?
What is the due date for submission of Income Tax Returns and payment of the balance of tax?
What is VAT
What is the due date for submission of a VAT Return?
What is reverse charge?
What is the difference between exempt supplies and zero rated supplies?
Is VAT chargeable on the sale of residential property?
How do you submit Value added tax return?
Can I speak to a representative
What Taxes does ZRA collect?
why am i unable to reach the site
How do I receive my login credentials?
I have forgotten my password
how to register for a club
Cars imported on red book
Clearing agents application documents
Returning residents
Motor Vehicle Duty Rates
What is Mineral Royalty?
What is a PRN?
The obligations of a Tenant
What is defined as property
What is the rate for Property Transfer tax?
What is the tax credit for persons with disability?
How do I apply for Amnesty?
Is one entitled to a tax refund if they have been paying Tithe?
How do i apply for PTT?
What is witholding VAT
VAT late submission penalty
Cash accounting
print TPIN Certificate
Do you receive manual returns
What happens to the payments I made under turnover tax?
